2.1 documentation (#26)
Intermodalics/pickit-docs: docs/documentation/flex/how-to-use-pickit-flex.rst

seen that the space in between points have gotten bigger in the second
view. 

The information shown in the Points view is what will be transferred to
the next step. All other information is not taken into account for the
detection with Pickit Flex. 

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Flex-3d-points.gif

Divide the scene into clusters & reject (some) clusters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next step in the Pickit Flex detection is rather important. Here
the scene will be divided into different parts(clusters). Each cluster
contains all points that belong to one object in the scene. All clusters
are shown in a different color. 

In the image below the effect of clustering is visualized. The 3D scene
is now divided into 7 different clusters(all shown in a different
color). Also it can be noted that the Clusters view contains less points
than the Points view. This is due to the user defined settings that
certain clusters are rejected. In this case smaller clusters are
rejected(not visualized in the image below). It makes sense to reject
smaller clusters because they often represent noise or partially covered

> objects. So these points are then excluded from the following step. 

Reviewer: Yes, there's a section in `Explaining the Flex detection parameters`.

For the Flex detection to work properly every object should be clustered
apart. A bad example would be one cluster(color) for 2 parts in the
scene. The Pickit system supports different ways of clustering. All
methods are explained in the  :ref:`Explaining-the-flex-detection-parameters`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Flex-points-clusters.gif

Fit & filter objects
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The final step of Pickit flex is to fit a certain geometric shape on
every cluster and to filter out the wrong objects. All accepted objects

> can be send back to the robot one by one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be sent to the robot one by one.
```
